I suggest that the interest of these hearings, the charges are often forgotten.
The charges were discerning my charty and two members of his staff, used improper questions
against Mr. Davis-Shine, or rather for Mr. Davis-Shine, with the Army.
The counter-choice was that there was blackmail on the part of the Army and the use of Mr. Shine
as a hostage. At all the charges that have been made, I have told Mr. Farky again that
anybody in this government, even a cabinet member, like Secretary Davis, when they come
to be in the day before I'm in the belief for Europe and ask for my help and I'm going to give it to them.
And I also was agreeable because they're having the advice of a good lawyer, whose name seems
to build its portfolio in custody and its name seems to be particularly silent today.
Now, as far as the additional charge you've made, were expected by finding out for Mr.
Stevens, when I got back March 6th, they're about to about an article, about a group of charges,
which was in the press about Mr. Shine. I called Mr. Stevens and asked him whether or not he
would give me the charges. And on that, I think in his fair to say he did not agree that I should have
at that time, or before that, or after that. I did not have the slightest vote for more
ideas that I was going to get these documents until I received it for the letter stating in the court
for the request that the potter of whom they sent to me, nor did I have the remoteest idea
that any charges of any time were going to be preferred against the committee, nor did I have
the remoteest ideals that any counter-targeting was going to be preferred against the army.
And what I am standing on now is senatorial dignity of the leaders of the Senate,
believe that it's advisable for me to set forth this committee and go into what they said,
and all of that is an offense to very serious charges. As the right was counsel to interrogate me,
I'll be glad to do it. Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope we can get on with it here.
And the next thing you have to say, Mr. Chairman, I have no question.
I have only an entity to remember to the committee and to the principals in this case,
but we can avoid the following year relevant and extraneous measures that have no bearing whatsoever
of all the issue of the forest, and that they can move on to a conclusion of this procedure.
That's all I have to say.
I have to ask Mr. Chairman.
Then the potter that I said in answer, senator Polar had asked him to announce the least calling to be
and call out a time for the rest of the afternoon in the back with us right and more.
And the question is, if there be no committee votes taken any doubts and our calling can be greeted out of that again.
Send it like that.
Mr. Chairman, may I ask?
Mr. Welch or Mr. Timberlach?
Yes, we call them.
Mr. Chairman.
I have just one answer.
Well, I have to ask you two minutes of my time. I'm talking about it.
I take it not out of my time.
No, it's not on my time.
I'm afraid Mr. Welch, I'm afraid I've got to wait until I get to material plan.
Chair, if you're waiting about that first time you had a good lot of tasks and had Mr. Welch.
Mr. Welch, Mr. Timberlach.
Mr. Colin, I have been interested in the course of the hearing.
To hear the occasional description of Mr. Stevens as a personality with emanate from the senator and from you.
We have a difficulty about seeing each other again, Mr. Colin.
There isn't much room for you to move to, sir.
Could you hit your little to your last, Mr. Colin?
Sure.
There.
And unless that runs someone else into trouble.
I think it was as late as yesterday, Mr. Senators spoke of Mr. Stevens in reasonably flowing terms.
Well, do you remember, sir?
I remember in the statements that I've stated.
And you have from time to time.
In that connection, I would like to throw our minds back to, shall I say, happier days when everybody thinks happier thoughts and titles.
Look at the individuals involved in this case as of the Christmas season last year.
Will you select that as a good happy day, sir?
Sure, sir.
I happen to know that on that date, the senator sent five pounds of Wisconsin cheese to the secretary of the Army.
Was that being consistent with your thoughts on that occasion?
Well, I know the senator sent a lot of it with time to try to surround himself.
And not forgetting Mr. Adam.
He sent a light quantities to him.
As for you, Mr. Colin, I believe you restricted yourself to ordinary Christmas greetings.
And I don't criticize you for it.
Is that right, however?
I did not send Mr. Stevens on the throughout.
And turning to the senator and losing for wealth where I am not a candidate, the very states of New York and Vermont, I too eat Wisconsin cheese, sir.
Now as of Christmas, I take it to the words that I find in the record of yours, and you may trust me to read them correctly.
I regard Mr. Stevens as a fine, gentlemanly, prettiest person with certainly a pie, wouldn't I?
As far as I'm concerned, sir, they still apply. Mr. Stevens never treated me in any way, but with complete courtesy, and I only thought of the day very fine, prettiest, down the street.
He is an extremely thoughtful person, isn't he?
Very pleasant pleasure.
He is an extremely cardinal hope.
Yes, sir.
And whether it's back and out, and he's the greatest person, I think he is.
And a kind person.
Yes, sir.
And an honorable person.
He's that migration sometimes.
And as a Christmas, and as a Christmas, 1953, remembering that station, it was your duty that he was an honorable person.
Yes.
Now let's call in due of those simple statements.
I want to direct your attention to what I think is the toughest in this case.
Will you look at the memorandum you dictated on November 6th, Friday?
Sure.
It's number two.
Of the man that you thought was courteous, and gabbled, and high, and an honorable, you'll all see his words.
He meaninglessly, Stevens.
The guest that will go after this lady, airport, and defense department in the day.
Here, we said, first of all, we had no evidence wanting an investigation of these other departments.
Adam said not to worry about that, because there was plenty of dirt there, and they would punish us for leaving.
Mr. Stevens thought this was the answer to his problem.
Let me say to you again, Mr. Holmes, I think the start of those English words to you are the toughest things in this case.
You know how I like to use simple and sometimes gutter language, don't you?
Well, I tried your comment, right?
If it's this charge that I have read to you in the language of the underworld, an offer of Stevens too much on the other two services, I don't think that's right.
It's an offer if I can read English.
The new eight psychopi opera, it was the suggestion that you will ask the lady, the airport, and the defense department, wasn't it?
I know you did, and when you said you didn't have any evidence, Mr. Adams, both of us, rightly, and then.
Don't worry about that.
There is plenty of dirt there, and they would punish us for leaving.
Mr. Stevens thought this was the answer to his problem.
Can not mean anything else, Mr. Holmes, except that Stevens offered to betray the other two services, and that Adams would help turn up the dirt and furnish the lease.
Oh, sorry, I think it means that's what it says.
Well, doesn't it mean that what it says?
No, sir, I think I described the conversation.
Do you want to stop on these words that seem to me so, sir, I'm glad to have you and stop on them.
Why don't you get the question of talking to Mr. Wells?
I think it's a question of understanding the context in which they would say what happened at that meeting.
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams had one of us who, let's go someplace else and leave their department alone for a while.
But I felt that if we spread things around, so that, what's that alone for a while, spread things around, so that the army was not single that.
But the army would seem single that, and that other branches were included as well.
It was not point things, so directly at that department, which I assume they were trying to represent, as they could.
It was a north context with those statements were made, and they were made.
But the other place to which they wanted you to go was the brother or the sister services as you wish to name them.
That is today, here was Stevens the second area of the army, and he said in substance, pick your dogs on the Navy, or pick your dogs on the Air Force, and I'll have gone out and stand by him,
and he believes that there's plenty of dirt.
Wasn't it just that simple?
No, sir.
Well, he certainly said, Adam said in his presence, Adam said, Dr. Worry, there's plenty of dirt there, and they were spreading dust, leave, leave.
That's the call, if you ever have a finer and formal offer to them, then this highly placed secretary of the army, who said to you in substance, I will write on the other two services,
even if Adam and I will punish you as a death and the least, and you crucified them and let us all know.
That was never said, sir.
I understand the word crucify was not said.
No, sir.
But for anything, these planners, then that this fine, courteous gentleman offered himself as the prized informer of all times, one place on the cabinet level,
isn't it fair to say that this is actually the offer he made?
I don't think it happened for it that way.
I don't care how it happened.
I'm talking about the English you used.
Didn't you say that in the plaintiff's English and this memoranda of this fine courteous gentleman that he offered to be a traitor to the other two services?
No, sir. I don't believe I used the words to do.
If you, if, then, for any other time about this, please.
Yes, and I don't use that word now.
If this memoranda of yours means what it seems to be to say, it means just what I have said, and that is that Adam was punished for dirt, and Adam was punished for leaving.
And you could investigate the other two branches, and Steven and Adam could lean back and breathe deeply and softly.
Isn't that what that means?
Not exactly.
Well, if it doesn't mean that, you want now the change of meaning to something other than things to mean to fair meaning of it.
No, sir, I want to let the meaning stand as what it actually is.
And do you want us along, Calingon, that as of Christmas, 1953, after Steven's had offered to rack on his sister services,
you regarded him as a fine, courteous gentleman.
Mr. Rosciott, how many fires have you had to pass your question?
Yes, sir. The answer to the question is this is the well.
You put some work in there, which I've never used, such as crucify and traitor and things like that.
Well, Mr. Steven suggested we build well.
That's not single out the army. He thought the army was being singled out at the target of the investigation, and he thought if we could spread it around,
and include in other branches of the southern military, wherein there was a situation and problems which the army had,
that would not leave him out and touch boldly with.
That was what his suggestion was.
These other words and characterization for our U.S. and not mine.
I think I was very careful to say, which was the fair and the honest things of the day on direct contamination,
or it's a very beginning of my testimony, that Mr. Steven's no Mr. Adam ever suggested to me,
that there would be false information, or that they wanted, or that they wanted any untrue or unfair or false things on concerning the Navy, the Air Force, or any place else.
They wanted us to spread this thing around, so that they would not be the whole target of what they regarded as an embarrassing situation.
That's what it is.
Thank you, Mr. Steven.
Well, the next round of questioning, again, again, I'm going to be kept here.
I'm going to sign with last year.
I have to know it, and say Mr. Love's a question.
Stand in the top.
Mr. Stone, that's what's back to the S.D.I.
That's the minute to do it.
I think we were discussing the two documents that were signed before.
I was trying to help quite a bit.
One of the most serious problems, I think, in contributions of the research that came some of the latest ladies and some of the effective friends to the government.
I'm trying to ask the saying, you've said a few years ago, that's rather than Mr. Love's, on some aspects of this.
What I'm trying to ask the saying is whether we can get valuable processes from Mr. Middits, documents that are not classified as secretive consequences.
So, here, it's been found being released, in which the following executive can control it.
Yes, sir.
On the sweetly-can-a-panel for tax.
Very good, sir. I say we can get certain of such information.
You can get it by the means of, well, for not even the Venus there, there have been documents.
No, but I'm well-informed, that's well-informed, isn't it?
You can't get any documents if you want to get the U.I.
You know what I'm talking about.
No, we can't get any from this reason, sir.
I'm keeping FBI reports in their original form from, uh, inspection by committees or things of that kind.
Just, first of all, the FBI reports will frequently contain the name of an FBI informant.
And if there were a publication of the name of both informants, that would eliminate that source of information to the FBI.
And then, in a minute, documents down there that are more confidential than those who do not contain the nameable informants.
That might be, sir.
Well, don't you know that to be exact.
Uh, I will say this, and I'm a colon. I've never seen a full FBI document which does not either directly or indirectly contain the name or identification of an informant.
No, sir. They usually use, they're, they're really investigative reports that usually say on information given to them, and they will usually, I think this is a matter of record.
So, usually begin with a reference direct or very often indirect to the informant from whom the information might come.
So, I'm not using code names, but, yeah, I use simple symbols to the usual thing in the case of, uh,
So, I put it on that image, and I think you know exactly what it is.
Do you feel the first committee has a right to get those documents?
Otherwise, if they cannot get somebody to be in.
Well, they can't get somebody to be in about the scene, and they use to be a weather act, get some other words.
You're talking out to them or about them.
I'm not about that. I'm about to move to the next year.
Uh, we have no right to get any documents directly from the FBI.
No, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not.
But if you didn't get any directly, no, I'm not.
No, I'm not. It's just a question of doing indirect consent on the phone.
No, that's what I'm going to look down on. You have an additional text.
You have to document the reports and the information forward to a government agency.
If that's not an agent, it's failed to act on the basis of the FBI information, which is cancelled.
It's not so much important for us to get the FBI document or the documents from the other agency.
It's important for us to know that the agency has mishandled a situation that they protect its communists.
All that's kind of like, is your, is the FBI document?
Is Mr. Smith? Is he not?
Is he not?
Is that kind of a sense of another agency?
Yes, sir.
It's an FBI document.
Still Mark Confidential want to go there.
This is what you're talking about, and the wise Mark Confidential.
All right, that's the character I'm talking about, so the metchatical, you know that.
Yes, I noticed one thing in British English, and that's why I'm not pretty as well as anybody.
I'm simply trying to bring the focus on this thing just because of it that we're confronted with in those that we may not solve.
Now you have a two and a third day document here, so putting the D or public in season to D,
a document containing vital information out of the 15 days document.
Is that true?
Yes.
Well, I noticed when it's presented here, Council would not speed it.
No member of this committee would need it.
They get it to commit a document.
Now, if that document is, if this committee is legally inside of this, and the use of it,
for the life of me, I can't see any reason why members of this committee wouldn't need it.
He counseled me to take it and use it.
I thought it was all of a question.
You thought it was all over the talk.
Now, to see that is a fair problem and it's a fair.
Well, there, that constitutes a legal presentation and a legal unity of an FBI document and not.
I thought it was a bit significant.
But now the member of this committee would present it under those circumstances.
Now, you're convinced that they have a perfect right to do it in the use of it.
My defense and senator McCullough, that's correct.
The testimony had a perfect right and a duty to investigate instances in which the accurate has felt the act on generations.
That's right, and so the question is, just like the very case you're talking about, you have answered the question.
You know what an invasive witness is.
I said, this committee, do you think this committee, the members of this committee, have a right to use that document to carry out the functions of this committee?
Sir, you talk about invasive on the front.
I'm sorry, not to be a invasive senator.
You're asking all your, you can answer that.
Senator McCullough, you're asking me some questions.
Yes.
Which range, very, very long and complicated questions.
Now, that's all I answer yesterday, all not sir.
They raise very long and complicated questions, sir.
Some of which I'm probably not even qualified to answer.
I'm doing ask in the Democratic.
I can't give you the information on it.
These are the type questions in the area within which I just be way over my head if I try to give you the answer.
So use your consention, you don't know.
This is my preference.
My consention is not that I don't know sir.
My consention is that it is a problem which requires a curfew of exploration.
I can discuss with you individual cases.
I'm not just particular case.
We need one more round.
Yes, sir.
Are we in title under your theory and view of the law to use that document for the full participation functions of this committee?
Or was it made right in declining views?
I think that the member, you stress me on how I think the members of the FUTS committee were perhaps all the questions.
I think they could have thought.
I think that's all I ask.
Yes, we can ask that.
I think that's a no arm in the members of the committee.
Well, I'm asking one or two other questions.
I think everything is good.
I believe you said that you have an access to FBI documents get a full.
I have to.
Well, I wasn't when I was with the department of justice I had.
That's why you were with the department of justice.
Well, yes, while I was there.
That's what it says.
You should have access to them then.
Just as in those files that were transferred to you, you should carry out your official duties.
Yes.
That's what only you don't have access in those cases where documents contain those cases that were assigned to you.
Is that correct?
No, not exactly.
I was for a good area to sign the confidential assistance of the United States Pacific Attorney up in New York, which was the largest and 50 US Attorney's Office in the country.
And as such, I acted for him in a good many instances.
Well, if you have no scientific way, I might try to come down and be there.
If you have access to any FBI documents you want to do, why are you in the Pacific Attorney's Office?
And also a lot of them against the funds that are left to share to any relevant to any matter depending in an office in which I was working.
Yes, sir.
That's correct.
Did you have access to them in the Rosenberg case?
Yes.
Because of the Department of Conviction of the Office.
Did you have access to this 15 case document in the Rosenberg case? Is it a part of the file?
Is this one here?
Yes, so this 15 case document is in this case.
I never know.
I've never seen it in my life.
So it was not in the file.
No, sir.
Well, you had no access to it.
I did not know.
Although it differs, to some aspect of that case, you didn't have the benefit of it.
Are you service?
No, sir, I believe.
I don't know what the case is.
I believe that that's the document with the past.
Answered.
The Rosenberg's prosecutor never had the use of it in or had access to it.
I did not see it.
I saw you in my life and I have not seen the 15-day ad.
You've seen it all the time.
I have not seen it.
So the information that's in here in the 2nd and 3rd page document is information that
was obtained other than any information used in while you were in the district.
So it's all the time in the department of justice.
You are right.
You have never seen the buy ad.
Never seen it.
In fact, if you had been in the department, you said that you had access to it.
If I was talking to you, I asked you that question.
Yes, sir.
Because you should have asked.
If it was possible that you should have asked it, why you were there in the department?
Not for this reason, kind of, my colleague.
I believe that we had direct appeal.
I thought it should be clear that.
So all the implication you were there in the department, that access to it, the ad.
I thought you should stay on the rules one way or the other whether you did have access to those documents or did not.
Well, Senator Mr. Hoover, in his letter or a communication committee made a very clear that the distribution of this particular 15-day ad document was, I believe, one copy to the army,
one copy to the ad for and the other copy to state.
Well, you did have it and didn't see it.
I'm very glad to tell you, I never saw it in my life before I came with the committee.
No.
One more second.
Any touch on?
Just one question.
Yes.
You think, I mean, that's the ad document, but the two-in-the-fourter page document should be turned over to newspaper men.
Turned over to what that's to newspaper men.
I was asking by anyone.
No, I don't think.
I read my ass, I read something in the paper that a newspaper man at least won had a copy of it.
Well, sir, you could read a lot of things in the papers. I don't know if any of you have seen that copy or not.
I have never seen a public in any place.
No, I say, I've done that a lot in public, I think you, I asked the question, do you think?
It's such a document, a label confidential, you're saying.
I'm referring to the two-in-the-fourter page document that was offered in evidence that was a watered-down version of the 15-page document, which was offered in evidence and unclose examination.
Do you think that document, which was a label confidential, which is the highest classification the FBI put on a document, should be turned over to a newspaper man.
I'm not afraid of that public.
No, sir.
I didn't know.
Well, let's look at the column.
There's a number of hundred percent here about documents that get down to the specific document for document about a two-in-a-half or two-the-quarter page document, but that bridge could be properly described as a warning from the FBI, the Army Intelligence,
that there were potential espionage agents in the important radar laboratories.
That's right.
Yes, sir.
And one of the men mentioned that document was Aaron Coleman, right?
And the document was headed, but as the one we received was headed, espionage, R, meaning espionage Russia.
Yes, sir.
Prior to time, we received that document until we started to hear a whole hearing there.
Aaron Coleman still had access to the radar material at Fort Monmouth, right?
Yes, he was still working at Fort Monmouth.
Now, it was a strike that one theory of defense that we have is that if we build a radar stream, then you could call Knight, and I'm not talking about anything secret.
Here's a machine called Knight or Knight yet, and I pronounce it.
It's when Red R picks up the enemy's fire and Knight blocks upon it.
The fire is automatically not set over here.
That's one of the developments of the made public.
We know there are many other developments that have nothing made public.
Here's a correction that's there, going to assume that if there are, you know, agents at Fort Monmouth.
That said, well, meaning the loss of a war for the country, yes.
In other words, your next year, coming bomb installations, it's pretty difficult to think of anything anymore important or any more secret than our radar.
The experiment takes them and laboratories, and I also wanted the offense together with the defense.
It's very hard to.
Now, after we add to this, in the soon-and-a-half-page document, do you feel there was any security information?
In other words, give the names any informants, any of the investigators techniques to the FBI or anything like that.
I recall it, if not, sir.
Do you feel this committee had an absolute duty upon the receipt of that document, because it's only one of many apparent to the sent by the FBI to the FBI?
You